README.md, before:

# 450-DSA Cracker 🚀

[![React Badge](http://img.shields.io/badge/Powered%20By-React-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=react)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![Website Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visit-Now-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)](https://450dsa.com/)

## Overview 👀

![](.gitres/cover.png)

- **Topic wise question search 🔍**
- **Topic wise progress 🧐**
- **Complete local storage 📂**
- **Mobile first design ✌🏻**
- **Clean UI ⚡**

## What is 450-DSA Cracker 🤔

#### 450 DSA Cracker is a comprehensive list of 400 + topic wise questions to build your confidence in data structure and algorithms and prepare yourself for placements.

#### 450 DSA Cracker doesn't guarantee a job but guarantees your confidence in solving any coding problem if done in the right way 👍🏻.

#### More details on how [450dsa] can help you -> [here].

## Dependencies 🗃

- [React] - **Frontend Framework**
- [Bootstrap] - **CSS Framework**
- [React-Reveal] - **React Based Animations**
- [React-Table-2] - **Suite of table hooks**
- [LocalBase] - **Firebase style DB for offline storage**

## WIP 🛠

- Dark Mode
- Add `mark for review\fav` feature
- Leader Board
- Better Responsive CSS
- Better State Management

## Run Locally 💻

```
> Clone the repo
> cd 450dsa
> npm install
> npm start
> 450dsa runs on port 4000
```

[![OPEN-PR](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20For-PR-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/AsishRaju/450-DSA)

## Credits 🙏🏻

#### Curated list of question in [450dsa] is based on _[DSA Cracker Sheet]_ by [Love Babbar]

[here]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iFALQ1ACdA
[450dsa]: https://450dsa.com/
[love babbar]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/love-babbar-38ab2887/
[dsa cracker sheet]: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FMdN_OCfOI0iAeDlqswCiC2DZzD4nPsb/view
[localbase]: https://github.com/dannyconnell/localbase
[react-reveal]: https://www.react-reveal.com/
[bootstrap]: https://react-bootstrap.github.io/
[react]: https://reactjs.org/
[react-table-2]: https://react-bootstrap-table.github.io/react-bootstrap-table2/

Commit message:

Fixed the server start section in README.md

README.md, after:

# 450-DSA Cracker 🚀

[![React Badge](http://img.shields.io/badge/Powered%20By-React-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=react)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![Website Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visit-Now-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)](https://450dsa.com/)

## Overview 👀

![](.gitres/cover.png)

- **Topic wise question search 🔍**
- **Topic wise progress 🧐**
- **Complete local storage 📂**
- **Mobile first design ✌🏻**
- **Clean UI ⚡**

## What is 450-DSA Cracker 🤔

#### 450 DSA Cracker is a comprehensive list of 400 + topic wise questions to build your confidence in data structure and algorithms and prepare yourself for placements.

#### 450 DSA Cracker doesn't guarantee a job but guarantees your confidence in solving any coding problem if done in the right way 👍🏻.

#### More details on how [450dsa] can help you -> [here].

## Dependencies 🗃

- [React] - **Frontend Framework**
- [Bootstrap] - **CSS Framework**
- [React-Reveal] - **React Based Animations**
- [React-Table-2] - **Suite of table hooks**
- [LocalBase] - **Firebase style DB for offline storage**

## WIP 🛠

- Dark Mode
- Add `mark for review\fav` feature
- Leader Board
- Better Responsive CSS
- Better State Management

## Run Locally 💻

```
> Clone the repo
    >> For Windows: Git Bash
    >> For Linux: Terminal
    >> git clone https://github.com/AvanishCodes/450-DSA.git
> Change the folder loation to your source Code Folder
    >> cd 450dsa/src
> Install the dependencies
    >> npm install
> Start the server
    >> npm start
> 450dsa runs on port 4000
```

[![OPEN-PR](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20For-PR-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/AsishRaju/450-DSA)

## Credits 🙏🏻

#### Curated list of question in [450dsa] is based on _[DSA Cracker Sheet]_ by [Love Babbar]

[here]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iFALQ1ACdA
[450dsa]: https://450dsa.com/
[love babbar]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/love-babbar-38ab2887/
[dsa cracker sheet]: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FMdN_OCfOI0iAeDlqswCiC2DZzD4nPsb/view
[localbase]: https://github.com/dannyconnell/localbase
[react-reveal]: https://www.react-reveal.com/
[bootstrap]: https://react-bootstrap.github.io/
[react]: https://reactjs.org/
[react-table-2]: https://react-bootstrap-table.github.io/react-bootstrap-table2/
